Assessment 6/28/19 

1. EBS block storage is used to host databases, and support random read/write operations, 
while object-based storage can easily distrubute objects across various nodes on the storage back 
end. 

2. In SQL this is a schema that sets the rules for how tables are related to each other like 
relational models keep the integrity of the references between tables.  No SQL represents databases
that are non-relational and they can use different data models like graph, and document, and you don't
need a predefined schema.

3.You can use HTTPS for read-only access, if your repositories are public as it is easy to use 
on the client side. If not you should only use SSH. In any case you should use SSH for write 
access as it has better authentication management.



Task 1 

Using AWS I create a new instance under the Ohio region launch it, made a new key and saved it.
Now using PuttyGen I converted that key into a Putty file in order to link in ec2-user command.

Task 2 

1.Using aws S3 I create a new bucket and uploaded the 'mysqlsampledatabase' file 

2. Then I create 2 new IAM users in aws, one user with read only access and the second with full access 
rigths. 


Task 3

Question 3 Write the command that you used for step#2:

 wget https://reggiefinal.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/mysqlsampledatabase.htm




Task 4

1. 2,376,313   9.11MB/s   in 0.2s

2. I use ec2 I copied the 'mysqlsampledatabase.sql' using 'cp', then I wanted to use 'vi' to replace every
word 'mysql' with 'yoursql' yet I had some issues.

3. I wanted to use 'vi' editor and 'grep' to highlight all NULL in my 'mysqlsampledatabase.sql' file


Task 5
 
1. Using aws I created a new database using MariaDB, I also change the sercuity group to Anywhere

2. I also had issues using 'mysql -h awsdean.clsr9avqjgow.us-east-2.rds.amazonaws.com -uroot -p' to import
my 'mysqlsampledatabase.sql' file into my RDS Database.


Task 6

Select c.last_name, c.first_name, p.product_name
From Customers c
JOIN Products p
ON c.customer_id= p.customer_id;



Task 7

1. I would touch each answer check status, then add file, then commit all files config with user name
and password then commit again, check log, then push files i.e.:

Touch 'filename'
git add 'filename'
git status
git commit -m 'filename'
git config user.name 'filename'
git config user.email 'filename'
git commit -m 'filename'
git log
git push 


















